writing plans edit (#5)
lucywyman/bolt: documentation/writing_plans.md

Specify each parameter in your plan with its data type. For example, you might want parameters to specify which targets to run different parts of your plan on.

> The following example shows target parameters specified as data type `TargetSpec`. `TargetSpec` accepts the pattern strings allowed by `--targets`, a single target object, or an array of targets and target patterns. Using `TargetSpec` allows you to pass, for each parameter, either a target name or a URI that describes the protocol to use, the hostname, the username, and the password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows target parameters specified as data type `TargetSpec`. `TargetSpec` accepts a URI string, a target object, or an array of URI strings and Target objects. Using `TargetSpec` allows you to pass, for each parameter, either a target object by name or a URI string. URI strings must include a hostname, and can also set the protocol, the username, the password, and the port to use using the format `protocol://user:password@hostname:port`.
```

Reviewer: I hope this is slightly more clear? I care most about the first part: changing the second sentence describing TargetSpec. 'patter' makes me think of regex, which is kind of confusing in this context. The 2 sentences I'm less sure about, but tried to break up for clarity?

Author: Awesome - I'll get this in. I actually cheated and stole this sentence from elsewhere in the doc - I'll see about updating that sentence as well!
